Everybody's talking about improving
creative operations on meta ads post
Andromeda and needing more creative
variations, higher quality. But what no
one is really talking about is equally
important now that you're producing all
these ads. You need to maintain those
ads as well. You need to optimize those
ads faster and more frequently in order
to combat ad fatigue and make sure that
all the volume that you're producing is
actually getting maintained and scaled
depending on how it works. which is why
I believe ad automation is not going to
be an optional thing in 2026 and beyond
if you really want to scale meta ads at
a high level. In today's video, I want
to walk you through some automated
workflows that you can use to combat ad
fatigue proactively as you scale your
meta ads. If you're new to the channel,
I'm Sylvia Perez. I'm the founder of Ad
Conversion. We teach 9,000 plus B2B
marketers how to master ads and we
manage over $3 million a month in ad
spend for top B2B SAS brands. Everything
I'm talking about today is from my
experience in our ad agency working with
clients. So, in order to set up this
automation, we're going to be using
Sammy. Sammy is an ad automation
platform that we created out of
desperation because we needed a way to
more proactively scale our team's
bandwidth and get better results for our
clients. So using Sammy, we can create
workflows to optimize performance,
manage budgets, or even monitor KPIs
across Google, LinkedIn, and Meta. And
the other really cool thing about Sammy
is because we're integrated with Slack,
we can set up these workflows and then
get notified in Slack where we operate
on all of the activities of the
automations we set up. So inside of
Sammy, I'm going to go ahead and create
a new workflow or SAM as we call it. And
we're going to use this template on ad
fatigue that we have here in Sammy to do
this really easily. And what this is
going to do, it's going to notify us
when our ads start to fatigue on
LinkedIn or Meta. So, for the sake of
this video, I'm just going to focus on
meta. And I'm now going to just go ahead
and modify my rule. And what I'm going
to do is I'm just going to select my
customer account once I've integrated my
Meta Ads account. And what we have here
is we have a rule based on frequency and
click-through rate. And I think a lot of
times people over complicate ad fatigue.
They they kind of think of it in this
like theoretical boogeyman type way
where they're not really sure if it's
happening or when it's going to happen.
And fundamentally ad fatigue means that
more people are seeing your ads but
they're not engaging anymore. And
because they stop engaging over time
because they've continued to see the
same ads and they've lost interest,
they're not taking the actions you care
about, which results in higher CPAs,
lower conversions, worse conversion
rates. So when you break that down into
a math formula, it's basically frequency
is greater than X and clickthrough rate
is less than your average clickthrough
rate. And the reason why we focus on
frequency and CTR is because if we can
get ahead of that first, hopefully we
can catch it soon enough so that it
doesn't start to negatively impact our
conversion, CPA, and our conversion
rates as best as possible. So, what
we're going to do is we're going to go
and select the campaigns that we want to
apply to our rule here. I'm going to go
and select all of these campaigns for
the sake of demonstration. So, in this
case, my 25 campaigns, all the existing
ads in these 25 campaigns, uh Sammy is
going to check them once per week. I can
switch the frequency to be as quick as
every single hour, but I think once per
week is a good starting point. And we're
going to run it on a Sunday. And what
this is going to do is over the last 90
days, Sammy is going to look at all of
my ads in those 25 campaigns. And it's
going to look and see, is the frequency
greater than my target. And if the
clickthrough rate is less than the
average clickthrough rate over that
90-day time frame, and I can switch the
time frame as well if I want to be a bit
more aggressive, I can shorten the
duration so that way it's looking over a
shorter time frame. But generally
speaking, if you're a smaller account,
90 days is okay. And for the frequency
target, this is really going to vary
based on you and your account and your
performance. Obviously, uh depending on
the audience, frequency tolerances will
vary. remarketing you'll usually accept
a higher frequency prospecting a lower
frequency. So what you can do is you
could duplicate this entire workflow for
remarketing specifically versus
prospecting or even different
segmentations depending on how you you
have your account structured. You could
have workflows based on the sets of
campaigns and the audiences they
represent. So in my case, I'm just going
to let it be frequency greater than
seven, clickthrough rate less than my
average. And last but not least is I'm
going to go to enable Slack
notifications. So that now this is where
I can live my life. I can go in my
meetings, talk to my clients, you know,
do my work. I set this up once. It's
running in the background for me and
then it's surfacing to me directly in
Slack when it's time to make the
necessary changes. Right? So in this
case, we have a default template here.
You can fully adjust the template as you
see fit. You can remove the text. You
can add in different variables if you
want different information. And what you
can do is you can select the Slack
channel where you want to get notified.
So now when frequency is greater than
seven and CTR is less than your average
for these ads once it happens you're
notified. So I'm going to go ahead and
save this and now I would just publish
this SAM. And just like that now I'm
using automation. So imagine in this
case we're talking about 25 campaigns
and all of the ads inside of those 25
campaigns. Imagine when now you're doing
50 campaigns, 100 campaigns. Each
campaign has multiple ad sets, multiple
ads per ad set. things get really
complicated and they scale really
quickly. So, this is a way where you can
use automation to just proactively
combat ad fatigue. If you want to try
out Sammy, you can go ahead and go to
sammy.bot and you can build your first
automation. We have a 100% free trial uh
and you can use this and start putting
this into practice so that you can use
automation to scale more aggressively in
2026. I hope this video was helpful.
I'll see you in the next one.